---
title: The LARB / USC Publishing Workshop
subtitle: An Incubator for the Future of Publishing
layout: page
---

## Overview

The _Los Angeles Review of Books_ / USC Publishing Workshop is a five-week
intensive course designed to prepare students for the publishing world of the
future.

Publishing has long been a hidebound, risk-averse industry, and yet, ironically,
it is now undergoing a momentous revolution, unlike anything it has witnessed
since the invention of movable type. The _Los Angeles Review of Books_ / USC
Publishing Workshop is poised to lead students into this exciting new realm.
During the summer in Los Angeles, students work with the most forward-thinking
people in the world of publishing and digital culture, gaining the training and
experience they need to thrive in this competitive industry.

_LARB_&#39;s first priority is to make the program available to all qualified
applicants, regardless of their ability to pay. By bringing the most innovative
entrepreneurs, professionals, and thinkers to work with participants, the
Workshop will build a new, diverse profession from the ground up, ready to build
the publishing companies and platforms of the future.

The Workshop is an immersive, collaborative training course that differentiates
itself from competing programs in two primary ways:

1. The _Los Angeles Review of Books_ / USC Publishing Workshop focuses on
  producing live ventures by the summer&#39;s end. The signature project of the
  Workshop is a real world, hands-on practicum: the creation of a print
  magazine or website, or the development of a business plan for a new
  publishing enterprise that is ready either for direct funding or for research
  and development funding.

2. The _Los Angeles Review of Books_ / USC Publishing Workshop will provide
  access to the industry for all interested applicants. We hope to offer at
  least half of the seats in the course tuition-free, and another quarter at
  reduced tuition — making the program affordable for more students. By
  increasing accessibility to people with a wide variety of backgrounds and
  experiences, we can have a profound impact on the future of publishing — and
  thus a profound impact on our culture itself.

The Workshop gives participants a foundation in both traditional and innovative
platforms, offering lectures, seminars, and boot camps in book, magazine, and
online editing; digital and print publishing; SEO and audience metrics; and the
financial and business side of publishing. Participants will learn from a broad
selection of experts who specialize in various aspects of the publishing
industry, including editors, art directors, book historians, literary agents,
marketing professionals, published writers, academic publishers, web coders,
developers, and digital innovators from both industry and academia, people at
the forefront of thinking of the future of reading in all its material, social,
and technological aspects.

Participants will collaborate in cohorts, each of which will also generate a new
publishing project and/or develop a business plan and funding proposal. They
will work with program faculty and industry experts, receiving instruction and
training in the tools and skillsets necessary to achieve real-world results. For
example, participants interested in print publishing will staff and co-publish
an annual Workshop print edition featuring original content that participants
acquire, curate, and edit specifically for the publication. This publication, to
be named and branded by Workshop participants, is both an online Los Angeles
Review of Books Channel and a print edition, distributed in Los Angeles and
shipped to LARB Members. Participants interested in new models for publishing
will work together to produce a viable publication or proposal by the end of the
Workshop, using the expertise they have developed, guided by our faculty and
visitors.

The Workshop runs for five weeks, from **Sunday, June 25 – Friday, July
28,** following a series of preparatory assignments completed before arriving.
Once in Los Angeles, participants will be in intensive residence at USC,
involved in coursework, field trips, and their own projects and should not plan
on participating in other courses or employment during their residence. Housing
and meal plans are available at USC.

This is the publishing course of the future, helping to create the publishing
word of the future. The faculty is dedicated to achieving a 100% placement
record for workshop participants and to giving them the tools and networks to
make that possible.
