---
title: Program Details
layout: sections
links:
 - anchor: "dates"
   text: "Dates"
 - anchor: "sample-schedule"
   text: "Sample Schedule"
 - anchor: "eligibility"
   text: "Eligibility"
 - anchor: "scholarships"
   text: "Scholarships"
 - anchor: "workshop-costs"
   text: "Workshop Costs"
 - anchor: "questions"
   text: "Questions"
---

## Dates:

**Sunday, June 25 – Friday, July 28\***

\* Students who register for the workshop commit to completing a series of
preliminary exercises throughout the month of June before arriving.

## Sample Schedule:

The Workshop is a rigorous, intensive program; prospective applicants should
expect to be working together on projects all day, every day that they are in
Los Angeles, as well as attending classes, field trips, networking events, and
social activities.

A sample weekly schedule and enlisted faculty TBA—stay tuned!

## Eligibility:

The program is open to both current students (rising junior students and above)
and those who have already graduated (alumni of any college or university).

## Scholarships:

We hope to offer at least half of the seats in the course tuition-free, and
another quarter at reduced tuition. If you would like to be considered for a
scholarship, please review workshop costs below and then the scholarship
guidelines and instructions on the application.

In addition, each year the Los Angeles Review of Books will enroll free of
charge two USC students or alumni, to be distinguished as the &quot;LARB-USC
fellows.&quot; If you are interested in this scholarship, please indicate so on
the application.

## Workshop Costs

_Tuition:_

Tuition for the Workshop is $5000 and covers all instruction, field trips, group
activities, planned group dinners, et al. This cost does not cover any personal
expenses incurred by participants.

A deposit of $1500 is required to secure your spot once when you register for
the program; the remainder is due no later than April 30, 2017.


\*All costs for housing, meals, and parking quoted below represent 2016 amounts.
Amounts may change in the coming months and will be updated accordingly.

_Housing:_

The Workshop offers housing on the USC campus from June 24 – July 29 for a cost
of $2166 for single occupancy (one person/ room) and $1786 for double occupancy
(two people/ room).

All housing comprises shared, air-conditioned suites, with four double rooms/
suite (two people per room maximum) and bathroom facilities for each suite
(suite-mates share bathroom facilities). A linen packet (pillow case, top and
bottom bed sheets, 2 bath towels and facecloth) is provided along with pillow
and blanket.

Please indicate on your application whether or not you would like to reserve
housing and which kind you would prefer (single or double).

Payment for housing is due upon registration for the program and is
non-refundable.

_Meals:_

Although a small number of group meals and other social activities will be
included in the Workshop schedule, students are otherwise responsible for their
own meals. The Workshop therefore offers a meal plan through USC. All meals are
served buffet style in a food court.

A payment for this meal plan is due by April 30, 2017 and is non-refundable.

Breakfast: $8.72 per person; served from 7am to 10:30am

Lunch: $11.99 per person; served from 11:00am to 3:30pm

Dinner: $11.99 per person; served from 4:30pm to 7pm

_Parking:_

Parking passes are available at USC for $12.00/ day (Summer 2017 rates; subject
to change without notice); no weekly parking available. The program directors
will provide information for all registered participants about parking and other
transportation options in the orientation materials students receive before the
beginning of the program.

## Questions?

For more information about the program or to ask questions, email us at
publishingworkshop@lareviewofbooks.org.
